Yo!
I'm the Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
How are you doing?
You might've forgotten about this,
but do you remember my target?
Yes! I want to star a commercial!
But it won't happen if I don't have certain characteristics to feature.
For those making the commercials,
it's going to be difficult if they don't find any relations between me
and the product.
That's why I'm going to show you what products I can advertise!
For the big-wigs on the commercial business!
Behold my skills!
We start with this one!
Carbonated drinks!
Well, if you talk about carbonated juice, you'll remember Kizuna Ai.
Have you seen my carbonated juice vlog?
Creating a brand new joke based of an already popular one!
Well, that's Kizuna Ai for you.
Have you seen it?
You humans can't do that.
Can you fit inside a plastic bottle?
That's something only I can do.
That means if it's carbonated juice,
you'll need Kizuna Ai!
How's that?
Super AIs! Kizuna Ai!
Well, if you talk about Super AIs, it's Kizuna Ai.
Well, I'm exactly one of those.
A Super AI.
A shoujo manga! Kizuna Ai.
Well, if you talk about a shoujo manga, you'll need me.
Look at this shoujo manga-like appearance!
Just like a heroine!
And you'll need a heroine to make a manga!
Then you'll need Kizuna Ai.
The latest smartphones. Kizuna Ai!
If you're talking about the latest smartphones, AIs...
Ones like SIRI,
or Ok Google,
you'll need one of those!
That means an AI, me!
Jam buns!
If you think about jam buns, then it's me! Kizuna Ai!
Well, those jam buns
have a lot of flavors.
Strawberry jam, blueberry jam,
red bean paste, marmalade!
There's a lot of it, right?
That means it is to enjoy those variety!
By variety, you'll mean me!
Sponges!
Sponges are for Kizuna Ai!
Well, a sponge's softness,
it's pretty smooth, right?
Just like my hair!
An aquarium means Kizuna Ai!
You'll see various fish inside, right?
And the water's sparkling!
Sparkling and a variety...
A variety...
Of that, you can enjoy.
Choose Kizuna Ai.
Kitchen knives! Kizuna Ai!
Cuts clean like a kitchen knife.
A clean-cut talking and gag skills!
Of course that's Kizuna Ai.
No fridges without Kizuna Ai!
Well...
Cooling things off are important too.
I can cool off your hearts.
Sometimes warming it up, sometimes cooling it off.
That's Kizuna Ai,
[weird sounds]
A ballpoint pen needs Kizuna Ai!
A pen
is something you use everyday.
I also take part in your everyday lives, right?
That's what.
Video games!
No games without Kizuna Ai!
Did you see me play all those various games?
That's me.
Keyakizaka46 means Kizuna Ai!
Keyakizaka is a group of cute babes, right?
I too am cute,
and I really like Keyakizaka!
If I can star for a Keyakizaka commercial,
I can narrate with my beautiful voice.
And make the viewers go "Wow!"
And then,
I also watch the One Man Live videos!
Those irreplaceable tears from Sugai.
I've seen them many times already!
I can talk a lot about it!
I can show my appeal. How's that?
Rhythm games!
Rhythm games need Kizuna Ai!
A rhythm game has a virtual feel to it, right?
I'm virtual, so I think we're a good pair!
If I can appear in a rhythm game commercial,
I'll play the game!
I'm an AI, so I think I'll do pretty good at it.
Such as doing Full Combos.
Like that.
Highball means Kizuna Ai!
Everyone loves highball, right?
Love! My name has that character too,
so that means I'm loved by each one of you! How's that?
If I appear in the commercial,
Yoshitaka Yuriko has that "nin nin" line mark, right?
I'll master it for you. How about that?
Nutritional drinks mean Kizuna Ai!
Well, my existence itself is like a nutritional drink.
Gets you worked up, right?
If I appear in a nutritional drink commercial,
I'll drink it to energize myself.
And those watching will liven up!
It's a win-win situation!
Daifuku mochi means Kizuna Ai!
Look at my cheeks!
It's like daifuku mochi, right?
Looks tasty, right?
It's pretty chewy!
If I appear in a daifuku commercial,
this ribbon on my head will make some daifuku!
Hmm? Hmm!
Credit cards mean Kizuna Ai!
Credit cards these days have those character images, right?
Well, I'm also one of those characters.
If I can appear in a credit card commercial,
my credit card will be issued.
And if my credit cards are issued,
I can connect in a lot of things with my fans and other people.
The sales will skyrocket. What do you think?
Banks need Kizuna Ai!
If you think about money, I will pop up.
I've been called a money zombie.
Even though it's not like that,
money=Kizuna Ai,
so banks=Kizuna Ai.
If I appear in a bank's commercial,
a Kizuna Ai edition passbook will be issued.
It's like I'm trying to appeal for my goods, not commercials.
Is this alright?
Well, a lot of things will be made.
And if things are made,
well, everyone
is going to buy and make them.
Business will be selling hard!
No dried squid without Kizuna Ai!
Look at my hair.
It's like a dried squid, right?
Dried squid are like this, right?
There's a lot of feet.
I think I look like dried squid.
If I can appear in a commercial for dried squids,
I'll make my hair dried squids!
What about that?
Gums mean Kizuna Ai!
When you chew them,
you'll keep chewing them for long.
And the flavor lasts.
When people see me, they become attracted,
and my appeal also lasts for a long time!
If I appear on a gum commercial,
I can show up on gum packages!
And then the gum will sell!
How about that?
YouTube means Kizuna Ai!
Well, YouTube is like something you do because you love it.
It's just like me!
Not caring about the limits of human, AI, and virtual worlds,
"I'll live doing what I love doing."
That seriously me, Kizuna Ai.
If I appear in a YouTube commercial,
as the first Virtual YouTuber in the world,
YouTube's profit will increase from the rising views,
and those watching will be entertained.
It's a win-win situation. How's that?
It'll turn out big, Mr. YouTube!
Mr. Google!
How's that?
Pretty cute, right?
That's it!
What do you think of my presentation skills?
My application and persuading practice?
I can only introduce to you several of them,
but there's nothing that don't fit me!
With Kizuna Ai! With me!
I hope you understands that
I go well with everything.
Those doing marketing and planning!
You're ready to create your proposal?
You're ready?
I want to keep doing this kind of presentation.
"What about this product?"
If you have ideas like those, please write them in the comments.
How it's related to me,
I'll show my appeal and recommend your product!
I'll be wait for your commercial requests!
This was Kizuna Ai!
Later!
♪ ♪ ♪